Key note:

* For Windows Server
	1. Should not install client management application (such as SSMS)
	2. Should remove client-based applications:
		Internet Explorer 11
		Math Recognizer
		Microsoft Paint
		Steps Recorder
		Windows Media Player
		Microsoft Edge
	3. These following features should be removed:
		Azure Arc Setup
		XPS Viewer
	4. Should use template-based deployment
		It can reduct the administration workloads.
		For detailed, please see commands and configuration in
			- "Install For Windows Template.ps1" - for scripting
			- "FunctionalCorServer_DeploymentConfigTemplate.xml" - Windows Server Core minimal functional features
			- "FunctionalGUIServer_DeploymentConfigTemplate.xml" - Windows Server GUI minimal functional features
		After configured, run sysprep.exe to generalize OOBE with update installed 
	5. For Windows Server 2022 Datacenter Core (with Advanced GUI Tools), after installed updates and got activated, 
		running this command to install advanced GUI tools (such as mmc.exe):
			Add-WindowsCapability -Online -Name "ServerCore.AppCompatibility~~~~0.0.1.0"

* For Ubuntu Server
	1. Should only install Cockpit Web Interface for HV02
	2. SSH should block the authenticate with password when connecting (Only use certificate).

HV01:
	Act as the Hypervisor host (Type 1 - Bare metal) for operating system.
	For best operation, File Server with deduplication service is installed to reduce the cost and storage
	Note: The Hypervisor is not configured for backup service, so keep it running on minimal server features.

HV02:
	Act as the Hypervisor host (Type 1 - Bare metal) for operating system.
	Also handle backup service, as a NAS for incoming Windows Server environment
	Have a bare metal disk backup
	
DC01, DC02
	Act as the domain controller
	Act as the certification authority
	Act as the DNS Server for local requests
	File Server for policy deployments

AUTH:
	Act as the Federation Services for SSO
	Act as the RADIUS server for IEEE 802.11 Authentication using Active Directory infra
	Act as the central management server (must have full RSATs)

DB:
	Act as the SQL Server of the network
	Must configure high-availability group

WEB:
	Act as the web service of the local network
	Note: Must install runner for DEVOPS server

DNS:
	Act as the DNS relay node. Control the DNS requests in the network and block invalid/risky DNS requests

DEVOPS:
	DevOps Server of the network
	Have local runner for quick deployment
	Note: Must configure SSO SAML 2.0 with the AUTHXX servers

JHUBLAB01:
	JupyterHub for local code testing environment
	Note: Must configure SSO SAML 2.0 with the AUTHXX servers