The primary domain for local domain: workshop.neko
The secondary domain for quick web deployment (aka GitLab Web): view.neko

* The recommendations can be run in the PowerShell scripts: Run-Prequisites.ps1

Requirements for Active Directory setup:
	1. Make sure the IPv4 private address is configured
	2. Windows is up-to-date and got activated
	3. Windows image condition is good and there is no point to be repaired

Installing AD DS Roles
	The script Install-ADRoles.ps1 can let you install the AD DS roles.
	However, it must include the DomainController_DeploymentConfigTemplate.xml in the same path of the script

Promote first domain controller
	The domain controller (DC01) is the primary DC in the network
	The promotion script is Promote-ADForest.ps1

Promote secondary domain controller
	The domain controller (DC02) is the secondary DC in the network
	The promotion script is Promote-ADSecondary.ps1

Securing domain controller with security baselines for Windows Server 2022
	Requirements: 
		Must have a Windows 10/11 client joined into the domain
		Download the security baselines on https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=55319
	Step-by-step:
		1. Create an OU "Servers" in the AD (recommend using "Active Directory Users and Computers") 
			to seperate the Domain Controller baselines and Server baselines
		2. Extract the "Windows Server 2022 Security Baseline.zip"
		3. Read the "GP Reports" after extracting the compressed .zip file for aspects of changing
		4. Go to "Group Policy Management" (gpmc.msc), creating new policies and use "Import Settings" to the folder of GPOs.
			Recommend using the same name as the name of that policy and change the GPO status to "Enabled"
		5. Make sure the group policies of security baseline apply scope must follow these rules
			- For Domain Controller baselines, it must be in OU "Domain Controllers"
			- For Member Server baselines, it must be in OU "Servers" or somewhere else not in global and OU "Domain Controllers"
			- For IE11, Domain Security, and Defender Antivirus baselines, it must be in global
		6. Once done, force update policies on Domain Controllers and restart them